when seven men
the entrance to the world's largest cave
system our god what is that they will
never seen again
a team of expert cave explorers hate
ladders Susilo has been assembled to
find out why there's an enormous cavern
about 300 feet down just below the cave
entrance it's awesome which then leads
to this underwater passageway see and
called a boy
this cave is a very serious piece of
work
we have a few realities to face people
first we're a mile under the surface
second we're not going out the way we
came right now primary concern is
getting out of your life
so what is it it's definitely a predator
something you know that wasn't there
before how big what big as long as we
stay together as a group we can hold
them back
if you ever want to see the Sun again
you should follow me now